[Core] Release 1.9.1 (#959)
async-aws/aws: src/Core/CHANGELOG.md

## NOT RELEASED

## 1.9.1

### Fixed

> - Make sore mocked results has a response with `Response::$bodyDownloaded = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure mocked results have a response with `Response::$bodyDownloaded = true`.
```

Author: Oops, Thank you
